hi this is darren from mahalovideogames
and this is an educational video on how
to beat assassin's creed's brotherhood
for more videos in this series please
visit Mahalo com /a c b WT and if you
have any requests please send them to
request at Mahalo com lastly please
don't forget to rate subscribe or
comment on this video thank you
morfin economy donor
Oh
so these are the new cannons yes you
ratio may try one yes but go on tell him
we cannot seem to make them work
properly and the fool who mounted them
is nowhere to be found then it is up to
me to find him we do not want to waste
your time it is not only travel have all
the time in the world now
salv emissary we need you to fix the
cannons on the battlements leave me be I
do not begin repairs before noon do you
know what time it is I make cannon it's
not clocks if you are busy someone else
will fix them uno momento no one else
will touch my cannons soldiers have no
respect for us they expected I'm to work
like magic you need to feel her out give
her a little encouragement we are only
equipped with simple cannons now but I
got hold of a design from France and
cannon something called a rock that it's
the future
what have you done we use them they were
not ready for firing you could have
gotten us all killed let me see sir his
breath is more fatal than our currents
only when you two fools are shooting
them there try it hey what's up to test
me alive
now I must go thanks for your help if
you hear the cannons tomorrow do not
worry we will be practicing it done too
bad it will not do you any good very far
thee now fix the second cannon
you